Update blazor.rst (#137)
autofac/Documentation: docs/integration/blazor.rst

**Client-side** injection is slightly more restricted due to requirements for `WebAssembly <https://webassembly.org>`_ hosting.

> This example for WebAssembly works as of 30/03/2021 with Net5. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example for WebAssembly works as of March 30, 2021 with .NET 5.
```
